Edgar Allan Poe | A strong argument for the religion of Christ is this - that offences against Charity are about the only ones which men on their death-beds can be made - not to understand - but to feel - as crime. 
Edgar Allan Poe | All religion, my friend, is simply evolved out of fraud, fear, greed, imagination, and poetry. 
Edgar Allan Poe | A strong argument for the religion of Christ is this - that offences against Charity are about the only ones which men on their death-beds can be made - not to understand - but to feel - as crime. 
Edgar Allan Poe | All religion, my friend, is simply evolved out of fraud, fear, greed, imagination, and poetry. 
Edgar Allan Poe | All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream. 
Edgar Allan Poe | Beauty of whatever kind, in its supreme development, invariably excites the sensitive soul to tears. 
Edgar Allan Poe | Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before.
Edgar Allan Poe | Experience has shown, and a true philosophy will always show, that a vast, perhaps the larger portion of the truth arises from the seemingly irrelevant.
Edgar Allan Poe | I am above the weakness of seeking to establish a sequence of cause and effect, between the disaster and the atrocity. 
Edgar Allan Poe | I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity.
Edgar Allan Poe | I have great faith in fools; self-confidence my friends call it.
Edgar Allan Poe | I have no faith in human perfectability. I think that human exertion will have no appreciable effect upon humanity. Man is now only more active - not more happy - nor more wise, than he was 6000 years ago.
Edgar Allan Poe | I have, indeed, no abhorrence of danger, except in its absolute effect - in terror.
Edgar Allan Poe | I wish I could write as mysterious as a cat.
Edgar Allan Poe | I would define, in brief, the poetry of words as the rhythmical creation of Beauty.
Edgar Allan Poe | If you wish to forget anything on the spot, make a note that this thing is to be remembered.
Edgar Allan Poe | In criticism I will be bold, and as sternly, absolutely just with friend and foe. From this purpose nothing shall turn me.
Edgar Allan Poe | In one case out of a hundred a point is excessively discussed because it is obscure; in the ninety-nine remaining it is obscure because it is excessively discussed.
Edgar Allan Poe | It is by no means an irrational fancy that, in a future existence, we shall look upon what we think our present existence, as a dream.
Edgar Allan Poe | It is the nature of truth in general, as of some ores in particular, to be richest when most superficial.
Edgar Allan Poe | It will be found, in fact, that the ingenious are always fanciful, and the truly imaginative never otherwise than analytic.
Edgar Allan Poe | Man's real life is happy, chiefly because he is ever expecting that it soon will be so.
Edgar Allan Poe | Of puns it has been said that those who most dislike them are those who are least able to utter them. 
Edgar Allan Poe | Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered weak and weary. 
Edgar Allan Poe | Poetry is the rhythmical creation of beauty in words. 
Edgar Allan Poe | Science has not yet taught us if madness is or is not the sublimity of the intelligence. 
Edgar Allan Poe | Stupidity is a talent for misconception. 
Edgar Allan Poe | That man is not truly brave who is afraid either to seem or to be, when it suits him, a coward. 
Edgar Allan Poe | That pleasure which is at once the most pure, the most elevating and the most intense, is derived, I maintain, from the contemplation of the beautiful. 
Edgar Allan Poe | The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best shadowy and vague. Who shall say where the one ends, and where the other begins? 
Edgar Allan Poe | The death of a beautiful woman, is unquestionably the most poetical topic in the world. 
Edgar Allan Poe | The generous Critic fann'd the Poet's fire, And taught the world with reason to admire. 
Edgar Allan Poe | The ninety and nine are with dreams, content but the hope of the world made new, is the hundredth man who is grimly bent on making those dreams come true. 
Edgar Allan Poe | The nose of a mob is its imagination. By this, at any time, it can be quietly led. 
Edgar Allan Poe | The rudiment of verse may, possibly, be found in the spondee. 
Edgar Allan Poe | The true genius shudders at incompleteness - and usually prefers silence to saying something which is not everything it should be. 
Edgar Allan Poe | There are few cases in which mere popularity should be considered a proper test of merit; but the case of song-writing is, I think, one of the few. 
Edgar Allan Poe | There is an eloquence in true enthusiasm. 
Edgar Allan Poe | There is something in the unselfish and self-sacrificing love of a brute, which goes directly to the heart of him who has had frequent occasion to test the paltry friendship and gossamer fidelity of mere Man. 
Edgar Allan Poe | They who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night. 
Edgar Allan Poe | Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things that escape those who dream only at night. 
Edgar Allan Poe | To vilify a great man is the readiest way in which a little man can himself attain greatness. 
Edgar Allan Poe | We loved with a love that was more than love. 
Edgar Allan Poe | Were I called on to define, very briefly, the term Art, I should call it 'the reproduction of what the Senses perceive in Nature through the veil of the soul.' The mere imitation, however accurate, of what is in Nature, entitles no man to the sacred name of 'Artist.' 
Edgar Allan Poe | With me poetry has not been a purpose, but a passion. 
Edgar Allan Poe | Words have no power to impress the mind without the exquisite horror of their reality. 
